hi I'll go through two of our general
tools today and I will share a code at
the end so you can try them out yourself
generate large image has better general
knowledge and is based on sdxl while
generate image old is our old model
which is better in some cases when you
want to have Pixel Perfect images
normally you can generate up to 200 by
200 area will generate large image but
for the free trial will allow you to
generate between 100 and
128 in area size so you don't actually
have to do do it like this you could do
something like that as long as it's less
than uh the area of 128 by
128 so per personally I prefer to use
generate large images for like
background and large Grand images but
you can also use it to create characters
and stuff like that and you don't need
to worry that just because the uh canvas
is large you can still generate small
images so if we do something like this
let's
say uh we say
dragon acute Dragon then if we just have
init image strength that is quite
low we can now get a uh can control how
large how large the image should be you
can
either have a create a blog like I did
or you can uh take an image from the
internet as
well let's say you want the landscape so
you can say
landscape
Forest something like that no in it Dage
of
course and maybe you get this then
you're like
ah but I want
uh Lake in front of a mountain and then
you can do like use init image get some
blue and maybe we can
uh do something like
this try
again
all
right so we went from this to
this you could
probably try different inner strength
and and other stuff to uh get better
results but yeah that's how you can use
init images to edit your image uh you
also have View and directions which are
um a affected by the guidance weight
here so if you can do you can select
high top down low top down side scroller
and different
directions this is particularly good for
if you're generating
characters uh if they if they're not
facing the way that you want you can try
increasing the guidance weight a bit or
trying
again the generate image old Works in
pretty much the same way as
generate large images
except for this
one is uh it's more focused on like
characters and stuff like that while
generate large image is
just better in general but has a bit uh
bit of a different style uh generate
image all this more pixel art uh but
yeah so the um the code that you can use
is pixel lab all
lowercase and that will allow you to
generate roughly 20
images I hope you uh have fun and uh
remember to join the Discord so if you
run into any troubles you can uh ask for
help have fun creating pixel art I'm
looking forward to seeing you on the
Discord Channel